Link is on the android channel.
how to start the river we will show a
new nintendo device that is part of
Galaxy family and the expression Galaxy
each time they are interesting being the
main differential is the support
4g networks are talking about it is very
similar to this vine until similar to
size issue with that but it is the
similarity stops there the similarity stops at
history of the sun as it has a
process took 400 four hundred or
already much higher
this is a new architecture is an eco
used paint can be used with 8
while the smn is an older one
doctorate looks like superior over
4.5-inch screen resolution of 480
by 800 pixels is an illusion already common
in this medium-sized device by
intermediates
It's time to turn a low day.
2 camera flash 5-megapixel camera
filming on HD and full frontal 1.3
megapixels specifications of it shows
that it has 8 gb of memory but now
free to the user stayed around 4
415 today low not think it will
33 fact free of course account
with space there the card slot
micro sd memory
in addition it has nfc times or
smaller does not have
They do not have it, but as I said the focus
of this device is here it will be
really support 4g networks where the
gadgets now samsung is launching there
It's got an energetic 5 for us to go.
see that Brazil also has 4g support
should a trend is seen that four of
reality in some locations and even
where they live in host cities such as
tnt cup four days according to anatel
opened space and for here comments
Any questions are at your ease. It 's a
light pan on skin pretty cool who
like a galaxy family design already
accustomed because samsung keeps a
design pattern our will
any doubt that comments on the ipoque
big hug